commander
Li Huilan can now be arranged for surgery
We will pay for all his medical expenses
The reason why Li Huilan's condition suddenly worsened
The hospital will make a big deal of it.
Give the patient an explanation
What do you mean?
What does he mean?
husband
What does Li Huilan's worsening condition have to do with us?
I don't have it, it's okay.
We have a clear conscience and let him find it.
I don't think he got any good
I want to corrupt our Su family's money
How is Dr. Zhao?
The surgery went very well
Here we are. Here we are.
Dr. Xie Zhao
Keep him away from my son
Bad luck
Dr. Zhao has worked hard
The money promised to you will be credited to your account in 10 minutes.
OK, I'll go down then.
How is Li Hongyi doing?
Three days.
Do not do blood head system within three days
Miss Su must die
Nice work.